fix: gas config is set to zero in ibc transfer keeper (#968)
cosmos/evm: CHANGELOG.md

- [\#811](https://github.com/cosmos/evm/pull/811) Use sdk's DefaultBondDenom for default evm denom in genesis.
- [\#823](https://github.com/cosmos/evm/pull/823) Remove authz dependency from test suite and EvmApp interface
- [\#829](https://github.com/cosmos/evm/pull/829) Seperate test app interface

> - [\#833]() Use normal gas config in ibc transfer to prevent potential DoS attack

Author: ```suggestion
- [\#968](https://github.com/cosmos/evm/pull/968) Use normal gas config in ibc transfer to prevent potential DoS attack
```
